feat: update docs for dynamic menu items column type inside table widget (#716)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/table/column-settings.md

[Menu buttons](../menu-button.md) represents a set of actions in a group. Menus are sometimes hierarchically organized, allowing navigation through different levels of the menu structure.

You can also add menu items dynamically using the [Menu Items Source as Dynamic](../menu-button.md#dynamic).

:::note

>  You can use the `{{currentRow}}` binding inside the Source Data property for Menu Items. However, for configuring the menu items, you will only be able to use `{{currentItem}}` and `{{currentIndex}}` bindings [(docs here)](../menu-button.md#how-to-use-currentitem-and-currentindex) that references the selected item and it's index respectively on the menu button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can use the `{{currentRow}}` binding inside the Source Data property for Menu Items. However, for configuring the menu items, you can only use [`{{currentItem}}` and `{{currentIndex}}`](../menu-button.md#how-to-use-currentitem-and-currentindex) bindings that reference the selected item, and it's index respectively on the menu button.
```
